# Known sources of errors
We summarize the major sources of errors so the user is aware of them:
- inserting points into the grid that are outside of the prescribed domain. This will cause in the best case weird verteces that do not exist or it will crash the algorithm. However, since the algorithm allows for unbounded domains, this is easy to prevent.
- inserting new points (using `refine` or `substitute`) that are to close to the boundary. This can lead to over- and under- estimation of the volumes of nodes close to the boundary. However, this mistake does not occur if newly inserted points to do interact with the periodic boundary. This issue will hopefully be solved in future versions
- The calculation of verteces is precise and reproduceable. However, the calculation of area interfaces (and thus: volumes) using the `VI_POLYGON` is often not reproduceable for irregular grids, that is when verteces in $\mathbb R^d$ have more than $d+1$ generators. This is because the determination whether a node $i$ is neighbor of $j$ or just sharing a $d-2$-dimensional interface is very involved. The total error seems to be mostly bounded by 2% of each small volume and for the grid as a whole, which is still much better than the `VI_MONTECARLO` integrator.
- The algorithm can easily deal with verteces that have more than $d+1$ generators. However, if a vertex $\nu$ is generated by $k>d+1$ cells (nodes) in high dimensions the cost to calculate all edges emerging at $\nu$ goes with the binomial $\left(\begin{array}{cc}d \\ k\end{array}\right)$.  
- Due to the last topic, the standard algorithm for PERIODIC grids with a to low number of generators for each cell can be VERY slow in high dimensions. I started it with 1 single node in 8 dimensions and after 10 minutes it was still not done with the very first cell. In this particular case, the computational effort goes up with $(2^d)!$. Thus: For periodic grids in high dimensions ALWAYS USE the `periodic_grid` parameter. This algorithm has proven to be very very fast. And: I recommend to use either 1 single node or otherwise at least $\sqrt{dim}$ nodes in the generating set of points. This reduces the amount of nodes generating each of the verteces significantly and helps the algorithm a lot.